The Joe Rogan experience.
I'm interested in that. I'm very interested in that,
and I'm not saying those people are lying,
and I'm not saying that John Mack introduced ideas into their heads.
But what I am saying is the real evidence, the real evidence,
like the video of that thing,
whatever the that TAC was taking off,
right at what they estimate to be thousands of miles an hour instantaneously
from a standstill and jetting off to the cat point, right?
Where they were initially supposed to meet like this,
the coordinates that the jets had,
where they were supposed to scramble to doing this exercise,
this tic-tac went to that spot. Almost like to tell you, Hey,
I know where you're going. It went from, they tracked it on radar,
going from 80,000 feet above sea level to 50 in less than a second.
These are with no visual, visible propulsion.
And flipping 180 degrees, which is, you know,
and physically possible with the technology that we know.
Exists. No heat signature, right? No.
Propulsion, no.
Known visual, visible propulsion system.
They don't know what the these things are.
So if these are super advanced us military craft, wow,
holy. Have they been working? Holy.
Did they create something that defies all known physics that we have
today in terms of like, what's, uh, what's available for propulsion?
Cause everything else is you got to push something out the back,
whether it's flames and that makes things go fast forward. This is not.
Described it the same way. Even back in the fifties and sixties,
it was all described as similar types of things that would disappear or shoot
off that doesn't seem physically possible. But now what's so weird about it.
Now,
why are like former CIA directors like Brennan Woolsey,
even Obama has like, made like a joke about like, yes,
we don't know what these things are. What do you think it is?
Why is the intelligence community coming out and actually like putting their
stamp of approval on this?
When for the last 70 years it's been so under the radar, they, you know,
they've been putting this under wraps,
but now they're kind of toying with the idea.
Like we actually don't know what these are. And then they also say,
we know that they're not from our military.
So they're hinting toward adversaries, right? China, Russia,
with the hypersonic weapons technology that they're claiming that they can
develop weapons five to 10 times the speed of sound.
And I don't know what that looks like when you apply it.
But that's strange to me that you see this rollout in the mainstream
media talking about this now with the disclosures that the Pentagon has put out.
Now you are a cynical person,
especially when it comes to the U S military and the intelligence agencies.
What's your perspective. Like, I'm sure you're not just saying, oh, well,
they're looking out for us. They want us to know about these, uh,
amazing things. Like what's your cynical perspective?
Well, when I look at these things, a lot of these people,
I believe these people and especially watching that documentary,
job's a real mind.
And a lot of this is bone chilling because I believe especially when 62 people
see something or people 200 people in Melbourne, Australia,
or all of these high level military people who you could tell are scared,
shitless, recounting what they saw. I believe them.
I really do because it's hard to act. Right. But, um, I,
my mind tends to go toward what is physically possible?
Is it a mass hallucinations?
Is it some sort of DMT weapon that can elicit some sort of mass hallucination
where people are, um,
susceptible to a delusional mindset and told something like you just said,
is it the hypersonic weapons technology?
Is it something that is a drone being projected holographically?
Is it something that we can explain by, uh, you know,
the realm of quantum physics that we actually don't understand? Like,
like the Schrodinger's cat phenomenon, like,
is there something that is within the realm of physics,
but we don't understand and comprehend it yet.
So that's where my mind goes in terms of what is it,
if it is something from another planet,
is it holographically like projected onto us? You know, is that,
is that what's happening?
But in terms of the intelligence community and people like Marco Rubio with that
PBS special that came out or the 60 minutes special and Marco Rubio at the end
of it is just like, we don't know what these are, man.
They might not be from our planet. And I'm like, what the?
Like one of the most hardcore neo-conservatives is going out there and,
and cutely toyed with the idea that this could be from another world.
And knowing that this has been so under wraps
that whatever is happening and I believe something is happening has been
completely censored and covered up by our government.
But now they're coming out and saying, it's okay to talk about this.
This is no longer some fringe, kooky conspiracy theory. This is happening.
Of course,
the cynic in me goes to what better way to kind of
pull on our deep seated, psychological fears of something that we can't explain,
this kind of supernatural element to whatever's going on, going back to the,
the, the UFO lore of everything from X-Files something that I grew up on,
you know, the abyss,
like this notion that if there's something greater than our government and our
technological capabilities,
and we need to kind of like just acquiesce toward our institutions to be like,
you just do whatever you need to do, whether that be militarizing space,
like these things are a threat just because they exist and we don't know what
they are. So, so my mind goes to,
there's a reason why this rollout is happening and it's not for the betterment
of humanity.
And it's not because of the curiosity of these officials in terms of learning or
wanting to find out what UFO's are. It's about going back to what I said before.
It's about militarization and, and, you know,
space force is basically part of the neo-con blueprint back from Pinnock,
the Bush administration, and Trump fulfilled that dream.
And I do think that this is, this is part of that. And, and look,
I don't know, but I think that we need to ask questions.
Why is our reality being sanitized?
Why are things like Q Anon being purged from the internet as ludicrous as it may
be,
but we're also simultaneously being told that UFO's are something
that are real and they're concerning.
They're potentially a threat to national security. We don't know what they are.
And it's okay to talk about that. Now that is a curious thing to me, Joe.
It is curious,
and I appreciate your perspective because I think it's good to look
at this from a bunch of different angles,
because it's real tempting to say, well, I'm finally,
uh, at a point in history, it's amazing. I'm, um,
I'm here where the government is admitting that there are alien
crafts that are off world vehicles, not from this earth.
You know, those like one of the quotes that we're,
we're admitting that we, we have, we are being visited,
but are we cause why would the government finally start telling us without
motivation without some sort of end game without what
what's, what's, what's in it for them to tell us about these things in less.
They're so frequent and so bizarre.
And so many military people are talking about them that they feel like their
back is against the wall and they have to say something about it because
otherwise they're going to lose credibility that there's so many of these
things. And there's so many like the go fast video, the FLIR video,
there's so many of these encounters that these very reputable people like
commander David Fravor have had with these crafts that behave in a way that
is impossible. As far as we know, with any known technology on earth in 2021.
And this is David Fravor. One is from 2004.
And what's disturbing about it is no matter what it is.
I don't think we're going to find out the truth.
And I think it's going to be exploited for,
for certain means that we're not going to know. Um, it's not going to be overt,
but there is definitely something going on because it doesn't make sense.
And if it's, oh, there's so many people seen it.
This has been going on for 70 years. I mean that movie, I mean,
there was people like every day.
One thing that I find really interesting though,
is now everyone has cell phones that film in 4k,
Google earth satellites all over the world that can zoom in on someone walking
down the street. So if these things are flying over the ocean, like someone, uh,
you know, part of the David Fravor special on 60 minutes was saying,
I saw this like this every day, that was a literal quote from him.
Why are we only seeing these grainy satellite images of these
UFO's.
Christopher Mellon who used to work for the state department told me that they
have way more, way more footage. They're just not releasing it.
But why, why rollout this one? And where's this grainy Philomena.
And they're rolling. They're not rolling it out. It's it's soldiers,
it's sailors. It's, it's a fighter pilots.
It's people are releasing these videos and photographs.
They're leaking them because they.
Getting in trouble for like leaking them. You know, like we had like,
this is a whistleblower leaking.
These cause it's, I think it's a different kind of a leak.
It's not like they're leaking something in the United States is doing right.
They're not like it.
Like you remember that kid that got arrested for taking a photograph inside of a
submarine. Remember that that's a different kind of leak, right?
That's you're leaking out U S military secrets. This is not us military secret.
This is a strange unidentified. What they call a UAP now,
because UFO's got a bad rap, right? It's like red pill got taken over by.
You know? So now they're these,
a lot of these people that have seen these things are frustrated at the lack of
transparency. I mean, this is the narrative, right? I don't know if it's true,
but my friend, Jeremy Corbell, who's been the guy who's released most of these,
most of these videos,
like those pyramid shaped crafts that they were watching with night vision that
were in the middle of the ocean floating around over this, um,
destroyer or this aircraft carrier. They don't know what the those things are.
These are videos from people that are there. The one, the, the,
the one that was a, um,
trans medium vehicle that was flying over the ocean and then went into the
ocean. They don't know what the that is.
They filmed that thing with night vision. They don't know what it is.
And this was soldiers that were filming it, enlisted people who were filming it.
And you could hear them saying like, what.
Splashing.
Down, it's in, it's in the water now.
And the water. Yeah. Like the whole like wild. Yeah. The water to air stuff.
Doesn't make sense either without compromising the function of like one or the
other. That it's very fascinating. But what I guess my point is,
if they're seeing the every day, you think that they would try to film it, like,
you know, not on satellite.
But the point they don't have the ability to film it on satellite.
They only have access to their cell phones.
They have access if you're going to leak their cell phone,
but they are filming some of these things like that.
One that went into the ocean. That's I mean,
that's the best they can do with filming something off of night vision,
the ones that were floating around above that UFO or about, uh,
above the aircraft card is shaped like pyramids about the, the, you know, the,
the go fast video. I mean,
they're using the cameras that are on these fighter jets that are designed to
track enemy craft. And that's what they're designed for.
They're locking in on this thing with their tracking systems,
this thing's moving at the same rates of speed and they're following it.
This is the best that they have in that application.
Now that doesn't mean that the government doesn't have some satellites that
could zoom in on those coordinates and get that thing and get a very detailed
high resolution video of that.
They probably have that if these things really are real, if they aren't,
if this isn't just some sort of, uh, a mass PSYOP, if that's true,
they probably have some really high resolution that will curl your
toes. And that's what Christopher Mellon says,
but there's no reason for them to release that stuff for two reasons. One,
why would they tell,
why would they give away the actual capability of these satellites
in a, like an undeniable way? Like,
if you could see like the bolts on this UFO from,
you know, however many miles in the sky, these satellites are,
and then everybody be like, Jesus Christ, like, what else are they watching?
What else can they see? You know,
they can watch you take a through your bathroom window. What are they doing?
You know, if they can see that,
like if they could read a license plate from space, that's,
what's been reported that it is possible now through these satellites that you
can get such a high resolution video that you can clearly see a license
plate from space and read it.
That there's also something called clay tronics,
which is like a programmable matter.
Like microcomputers that can create a holographic cloud.
That's actually a tangible hologram. I mean,
there's so many things that seems like it's sent off.
Uh it's. This is what they're saying,
that they're working on developing where you can have a series of microcomputers
program themselves into different visual entities into
one giant hologram.
That was a Spider-Man movie.
Yes, no, I know, no, this is, this is no, this is crazy, man. I mean,
Chris Carter, the creator of X-Files says that he had like a CIA guy,
like feeding him information for the show. I mean,
I do think that art imitates reality and a lot of ways,
and when it goes back to the 60 minutes special,
which was one of the only mainstream institutions that was taking this
seriously, my whole thing is like, there was no skepticism at all.
There was no attempt to debunk these people,
which seemed like a change in tone from these institutions. Like, so that,
that like blows my mind. It's like,
usually you would have people have the debunker,
have the guy saying that he saw UFO's right.
But this one was just like glued in being like, this is happening.
Well, the New York times is the first to break it in 2017.
That really shifted the perception.
When you see the New York times has an article talking about these
unexplained vehicles and taking them seriously,
and then interviews with like high ranking military officials,
people from the Pentagon, all that kind of. When you see that stuff,
starting to make it into the mainstream, it just changes everything.
And the New York times for sure changed everything that 2017 article change,
the, the people that would never take U of O seriously,
they're seeing that in the New York times. And they're saying like, holy,
this isn't the times. Yeah.
The same people who discredited Dennis [inaudible] at the 2007 presidential
debate because they were like, you saw a UFO, like you idiot.
And that was one of the questions. And he was like, yeah, yeah.
Like I saw you at FAU. And it's like, dude, yeah, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan,
all of them saw UFO's too, you know?
And it was such a discrediting fringe thing. But, um, but no, I mean,
it's, it's not at all.